#A key to the key of Scripture: or An exposition with notes, vpon the Epistle to the Romanes; the three first chapters begun at Walsall in Staffordshire, continued at Pitmister in Somerset. By William Sclater Batchelar in Diuinitie, and minister of the Word of God at Pitmister in Somerset.#

##Sclater, William, 1575-1626.##
A key to the key of Scripture: or An exposition with notes, vpon the Epistle to the Romanes; the three first chapters begun at Walsall in Staffordshire, continued at Pitmister in Somerset. By William Sclater Batchelar in Diuinitie, and minister of the Word of God at Pitmister in Somerset.
Sclater, William, 1575-1626.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A11/A11596.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A11/A11596.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99852036e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2011-05__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2011-05__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2011-07__ __Lauren Proux__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2011-07__ __Lauren Proux__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2012-05__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
A KEY TO THE KEY OF SCRIPTVRE: OR AN EXPOSITION with Notes, vpon the Epiſtle to the ROMANES; the thr
1. TO THE RIGHT VVorſhipfull Sir.Henry Hawley Knight, Mr. John Simmes Eſquire, one of his Maieſties Iuſtices of Peace, in the County of Somerſet, Mr. Roger Warre, Mr. Richard Warre, Mr. Thomas Warre, Eſquires, grace and peace.

1. To the Reader.

#####Body#####

1. AN EXPOSITION VPON THE THREE FIRST Chapters of the EPISTLE of Saint Paul to the Romanes.

    _ CHAPTER. I.
Verſe 1.Paul a Seruant of Ieſus Chriſt, called to be an Apoſtle, put apart to preach the Goſpell of Verſe 2. Which hee had promiſed afore by his Prophets in the holy Scriptures.SEt apart.] This ſeparaVerſe 3. Concerning his Sonne Ieſus Chriſt our Lord, which was made of the ſeede of Dauid according Verſe 4. And declared mightily to be the Sonne of God, touching the Spirit of ſanctification by the Verſe 5. By whom wee haue receiued grace and Apoſtleſhip (that obedience might be giuen vnto the faiVerſe 6. Among whom yee are alſo the called of Ieſus Chriſt.AMong whom yee are alſo. This clauſe is Verſe 7. To all you that be at Rome beloued of God, called to be Saints: grace be with you, and peacVerſe 8. Firſt I thanke my God through Ieſus Chriſt for you all, becauſe your faith is publiſhed thrVerſe 9. For God is my witneſſe (whom I ſerue in my ſpirit in the Goſpell of his Sonne) that withoutVerſe 11. For I long to ſee you, that I might bestow among you ſome ſpirituall gift, to ſtrengthen yVerſe 12. That is, that I might be comforted together with you, through our mutuall faith, both yourVerſe 13. Now my brethren I would that yee ſhould not be ignorant, how that I haue oftentimes purpoſVerſe 14.I am debter both to the Grecians, and to the Barbarians, both to the wiſe men, and to the vVerſe 16. For I am not aſhamed of the Goſpell of Chriſt: for it is the power of God vnto ſaluation tVerſe 18. For the wrath of God is reuealed from heauen againſt all vngodlineſſe, and vnrighteouſneſſVerſe 19. For as much as that, which may be knowne of God, is manifest in them: for God hath ſhewed Verſe 20. For the inuiſible things of him, that is, his eternall power and Godhead, are ſeene by theVerſe 21. Becauſe that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankefull, bVerſe 23. For they turned the glory of the incorruptible God to the ſimilitude of the image of a corVerſe 24. Wherefore alſo God gaue them vp to their hearts lustes, vnto vncleanneſſe, to defile theirVerſe 25. Which turned the truth of God vnto a lie, and worſhipped and ſerued the creature, forſakinVerſe 26 For this cauſe God gaue them vp vnto vile affections: for euen their women did change the nVerſe 28. For as they regarded not to acknowledge God, euen ſo God deliuered them vp vnto a reprobatVerſe 29. Being full of all vnrighteouſneſſe, fornication, wickedneſſe, couetouſneſſe, maliciouſneſſVerſe 31. Which men though they knew the law of God, how that they which commit ſuch things, are worVerſe 1. Therefore thou art inexcuſable, O man, whoſoeuer thou art that condemnest: for in that thatVerſe 2. But we know that the iudgement of God is according to truth, againſt them which commit ſuchVerſe 3. And thinkest thou this, O thou man, that condemneſt them which do ſuch things, and doeſt thVerſe 6. Who will reward euery man according to his workes.Connexion.HE hath immediately before, ſtiVerſe 7.That is, to them which through patience in well doing ſeeke glorie, and honour, and immortalVerſe 8. But vnto them that are contentious and diſobey the truth, and obey vnrighteouſnes, ſhall beVerſe 11. For there is no reſpect of perſons with God.NOw followes a reaſon, prouing the Lords imparVerſe 12. For as many as haue ſinned without the Law, ſhall periſh alſo without the Law: and as manyVerſe 13. For the hearers of the Law are not righteous before God: but the doers of the Law ſhall beVerſe 14. For when the Gentiles which haue not the Law, doe by nature the things contained in the LaVerſe 16. At the day when God ſhall iudge the ſecrets of men by Ieſus Christ, according to my GoſpelVerſe 17. Behold, thou art called a Iew, and resteſt in the Law, an gloriest in God.Verſe 18. And knVerſe 25. For Circumciſion verily is profitable if thou doe the Law: but if thou be a tranſgreſſor oVerſe 26. Therfore if the vncircumciſion keepe the ordinances of the Law, ſhall not his vncircumciſiVerſe 27. And ſhall not vncircumciſion which is by nature (if it keep the Law) iudge thee, which by Verſe 1. What is then the preferment of the Iew? or what is the profit of circumciſion?Verſe 2. MuchVerſe 3. For what, though ſome did not beleeue, ſhall their vnbeliefe make the faith of God without Verſe 5. Now if our vnrighteouſneſſe commend the righteouſneſſe of God, what ſhall wee ſay? Is God vVerſe 7. For if the veritie of God hath more abounded through my lye vnto his glorie, why am I yet cVerſe 8. And (as wee are blamed, and as ſome affirme that we ſay) why doe we not euill, that good maVerſe 9. What then? are wee more excellent? No, in no wiſe: for wee haue already proued, that all, bVerſe 19. Now wee know that whatſoeuer the Law ſaith, it ſaith it to them which are vnder the Law, tVerſe 20. Therefore by the workes of the law ſhall no fleſh be iustified in his ſight for by the lawVerſe 21. But now is the righteouſneſſe of God made manifest without the Law, hauing witneſſe of theVerſe 22. To wit, the righteouſneſſe of God by the faith of Ieſus Christ, vnto all and vpon all thatVerſe 23. For there is no difference: for all haue ſinned, and are depriued of the glory of God.THusVerſe 24. And are iustified freely by his grace, through the redemption that is in Chriſt Ieſus.BEinVerſe 25. Whom God hath ſet forth to be a reconciliation, through the faith in his bloud, to declareVerſe 27. Where is then the reioycing? It is excluded. By what law? of workes? Nay: but by the law oVerſe 29. God, is he the God of the Iewes onely, and not of the Gentiles alſo? Yes, euen of the GentVerſe 31. Doe we then make the Law of none effect through faith? God forbid: yea we establiſh the La
    _ THE II. CHAPTER.
Verſe 1.Paul a Seruant of Ieſus Chriſt, called to be an Apoſtle, put apart to preach the Goſpell of Verſe 2. Which hee had promiſed afore by his Prophets in the holy Scriptures.SEt apart.] This ſeparaVerſe 3. Concerning his Sonne Ieſus Chriſt our Lord, which was made of the ſeede of Dauid according Verſe 4. And declared mightily to be the Sonne of God, touching the Spirit of ſanctification by the Verſe 5. By whom wee haue receiued grace and Apoſtleſhip (that obedience might be giuen vnto the faiVerſe 6. Among whom yee are alſo the called of Ieſus Chriſt.AMong whom yee are alſo. This clauſe is Verſe 7. To all you that be at Rome beloued of God, called to be Saints: grace be with you, and peacVerſe 8. Firſt I thanke my God through Ieſus Chriſt for you all, becauſe your faith is publiſhed thrVerſe 9. For God is my witneſſe (whom I ſerue in my ſpirit in the Goſpell of his Sonne) that withoutVerſe 11. For I long to ſee you, that I might bestow among you ſome ſpirituall gift, to ſtrengthen yVerſe 12. That is, that I might be comforted together with you, through our mutuall faith, both yourVerſe 13. Now my brethren I would that yee ſhould not be ignorant, how that I haue oftentimes purpoſVerſe 14.I am debter both to the Grecians, and to the Barbarians, both to the wiſe men, and to the vVerſe 16. For I am not aſhamed of the Goſpell of Chriſt: for it is the power of God vnto ſaluation tVerſe 18. For the wrath of God is reuealed from heauen againſt all vngodlineſſe, and vnrighteouſneſſVerſe 19. For as much as that, which may be knowne of God, is manifest in them: for God hath ſhewed Verſe 20. For the inuiſible things of him, that is, his eternall power and Godhead, are ſeene by theVerſe 21. Becauſe that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankefull, bVerſe 23. For they turned the glory of the incorruptible God to the ſimilitude of the image of a corVerſe 24. Wherefore alſo God gaue them vp to their hearts lustes, vnto vncleanneſſe, to defile theirVerſe 25. Which turned the truth of God vnto a lie, and worſhipped and ſerued the creature, forſakinVerſe 26 For this cauſe God gaue them vp vnto vile affections: for euen their women did change the nVerſe 28. For as they regarded not to acknowledge God, euen ſo God deliuered them vp vnto a reprobatVerſe 29. Being full of all vnrighteouſneſſe, fornication, wickedneſſe, couetouſneſſe, maliciouſneſſVerſe 31. Which men though they knew the law of God, how that they which commit ſuch things, are worVerſe 1. Therefore thou art inexcuſable, O man, whoſoeuer thou art that condemnest: for in that thatVerſe 2. But we know that the iudgement of God is according to truth, againſt them which commit ſuchVerſe 3. And thinkest thou this, O thou man, that condemneſt them which do ſuch things, and doeſt thVerſe 6. Who will reward euery man according to his workes.Connexion.HE hath immediately before, ſtiVerſe 7.That is, to them which through patience in well doing ſeeke glorie, and honour, and immortalVerſe 8. But vnto them that are contentious and diſobey the truth, and obey vnrighteouſnes, ſhall beVerſe 11. For there is no reſpect of perſons with God.NOw followes a reaſon, prouing the Lords imparVerſe 12. For as many as haue ſinned without the Law, ſhall periſh alſo without the Law: and as manyVerſe 13. For the hearers of the Law are not righteous before God: but the doers of the Law ſhall beVerſe 14. For when the Gentiles which haue not the Law, doe by nature the things contained in the LaVerſe 16. At the day when God ſhall iudge the ſecrets of men by Ieſus Christ, according to my GoſpelVerſe 17. Behold, thou art called a Iew, and resteſt in the Law, an gloriest in God.Verſe 18. And knVerſe 25. For Circumciſion verily is profitable if thou doe the Law: but if thou be a tranſgreſſor oVerſe 26. Therfore if the vncircumciſion keepe the ordinances of the Law, ſhall not his vncircumciſiVerſe 27. And ſhall not vncircumciſion which is by nature (if it keep the Law) iudge thee, which by Verſe 1. What is then the preferment of the Iew? or what is the profit of circumciſion?Verſe 2. MuchVerſe 3. For what, though ſome did not beleeue, ſhall their vnbeliefe make the faith of God without Verſe 5. Now if our vnrighteouſneſſe commend the righteouſneſſe of God, what ſhall wee ſay? Is God vVerſe 7. For if the veritie of God hath more abounded through my lye vnto his glorie, why am I yet cVerſe 8. And (as wee are blamed, and as ſome affirme that we ſay) why doe we not euill, that good maVerſe 9. What then? are wee more excellent? No, in no wiſe: for wee haue already proued, that all, bVerſe 19. Now wee know that whatſoeuer the Law ſaith, it ſaith it to them which are vnder the Law, tVerſe 20. Therefore by the workes of the law ſhall no fleſh be iustified in his ſight for by the lawVerſe 21. But now is the righteouſneſſe of God made manifest without the Law, hauing witneſſe of theVerſe 22. To wit, the righteouſneſſe of God by the faith of Ieſus Christ, vnto all and vpon all thatVerſe 23. For there is no difference: for all haue ſinned, and are depriued of the glory of God.THusVerſe 24. And are iustified freely by his grace, through the redemption that is in Chriſt Ieſus.BEinVerſe 25. Whom God hath ſet forth to be a reconciliation, through the faith in his bloud, to declareVerſe 27. Where is then the reioycing? It is excluded. By what law? of workes? Nay: but by the law oVerſe 29. God, is he the God of the Iewes onely, and not of the Gentiles alſo? Yes, euen of the GentVerſe 31. Doe we then make the Law of none effect through faith? God forbid: yea we establiſh the La
    _ THE III. CHAPTER.
Verſe 1.Paul a Seruant of Ieſus Chriſt, called to be an Apoſtle, put apart to preach the Goſpell of Verſe 2. Which hee had promiſed afore by his Prophets in the holy Scriptures.SEt apart.] This ſeparaVerſe 3. Concerning his Sonne Ieſus Chriſt our Lord, which was made of the ſeede of Dauid according Verſe 4. And declared mightily to be the Sonne of God, touching the Spirit of ſanctification by the Verſe 5. By whom wee haue receiued grace and Apoſtleſhip (that obedience might be giuen vnto the faiVerſe 6. Among whom yee are alſo the called of Ieſus Chriſt.AMong whom yee are alſo. This clauſe is Verſe 7. To all you that be at Rome beloued of God, called to be Saints: grace be with you, and peacVerſe 8. Firſt I thanke my God through Ieſus Chriſt for you all, becauſe your faith is publiſhed thrVerſe 9. For God is my witneſſe (whom I ſerue in my ſpirit in the Goſpell of his Sonne) that withoutVerſe 11. For I long to ſee you, that I might bestow among you ſome ſpirituall gift, to ſtrengthen yVerſe 12. That is, that I might be comforted together with you, through our mutuall faith, both yourVerſe 13. Now my brethren I would that yee ſhould not be ignorant, how that I haue oftentimes purpoſVerſe 14.I am debter both to the Grecians, and to the Barbarians, both to the wiſe men, and to the vVerſe 16. For I am not aſhamed of the Goſpell of Chriſt: for it is the power of God vnto ſaluation tVerſe 18. For the wrath of God is reuealed from heauen againſt all vngodlineſſe, and vnrighteouſneſſVerſe 19. For as much as that, which may be knowne of God, is manifest in them: for God hath ſhewed Verſe 20. For the inuiſible things of him, that is, his eternall power and Godhead, are ſeene by theVerſe 21. Becauſe that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankefull, bVerſe 23. For they turned the glory of the incorruptible God to the ſimilitude of the image of a corVerſe 24. Wherefore alſo God gaue them vp to their hearts lustes, vnto vncleanneſſe, to defile theirVerſe 25. Which turned the truth of God vnto a lie, and worſhipped and ſerued the creature, forſakinVerſe 26 For this cauſe God gaue them vp vnto vile affections: for euen their women did change the nVerſe 28. For as they regarded not to acknowledge God, euen ſo God deliuered them vp vnto a reprobatVerſe 29. Being full of all vnrighteouſneſſe, fornication, wickedneſſe, couetouſneſſe, maliciouſneſſVerſe 31. Which men though they knew the law of God, how that they which commit ſuch things, are worVerſe 1. Therefore thou art inexcuſable, O man, whoſoeuer thou art that condemnest: for in that thatVerſe 2. But we know that the iudgement of God is according to truth, againſt them which commit ſuchVerſe 3. And thinkest thou this, O thou man, that condemneſt them which do ſuch things, and doeſt thVerſe 6. Who will reward euery man according to his workes.Connexion.HE hath immediately before, ſtiVerſe 7.That is, to them which through patience in well doing ſeeke glorie, and honour, and immortalVerſe 8. But vnto them that are contentious and diſobey the truth, and obey vnrighteouſnes, ſhall beVerſe 11. For there is no reſpect of perſons with God.NOw followes a reaſon, prouing the Lords imparVerſe 12. For as many as haue ſinned without the Law, ſhall periſh alſo without the Law: and as manyVerſe 13. For the hearers of the Law are not righteous before God: but the doers of the Law ſhall beVerſe 14. For when the Gentiles which haue not the Law, doe by nature the things contained in the LaVerſe 16. At the day when God ſhall iudge the ſecrets of men by Ieſus Christ, according to my GoſpelVerſe 17. Behold, thou art called a Iew, and resteſt in the Law, an gloriest in God.Verſe 18. And knVerſe 25. For Circumciſion verily is profitable if thou doe the Law: but if thou be a tranſgreſſor oVerſe 26. Therfore if the vncircumciſion keepe the ordinances of the Law, ſhall not his vncircumciſiVerſe 27. And ſhall not vncircumciſion which is by nature (if it keep the Law) iudge thee, which by Verſe 1. What is then the preferment of the Iew? or what is the profit of circumciſion?Verſe 2. MuchVerſe 3. For what, though ſome did not beleeue, ſhall their vnbeliefe make the faith of God without Verſe 5. Now if our vnrighteouſneſſe commend the righteouſneſſe of God, what ſhall wee ſay? Is God vVerſe 7. For if the veritie of God hath more abounded through my lye vnto his glorie, why am I yet cVerſe 8. And (as wee are blamed, and as ſome affirme that we ſay) why doe we not euill, that good maVerſe 9. What then? are wee more excellent? No, in no wiſe: for wee haue already proued, that all, bVerſe 19. Now wee know that whatſoeuer the Law ſaith, it ſaith it to them which are vnder the Law, tVerſe 20. Therefore by the workes of the law ſhall no fleſh be iustified in his ſight for by the lawVerſe 21. But now is the righteouſneſſe of God made manifest without the Law, hauing witneſſe of theVerſe 22. To wit, the righteouſneſſe of God by the faith of Ieſus Christ, vnto all and vpon all thatVerſe 23. For there is no difference: for all haue ſinned, and are depriued of the glory of God.THusVerſe 24. And are iustified freely by his grace, through the redemption that is in Chriſt Ieſus.BEinVerſe 25. Whom God hath ſet forth to be a reconciliation, through the faith in his bloud, to declareVerſe 27. Where is then the reioycing? It is excluded. By what law? of workes? Nay: but by the law oVerſe 29. God, is he the God of the Iewes onely, and not of the Gentiles alſo? Yes, euen of the GentVerſe 31. Doe we then make the Law of none effect through faith? God forbid: yea we establiſh the La
#####Back#####

1. Errata.

**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 402 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (402) : illegible (310), duplicate (6), foreign (85), illegible: missing (1)  •  @__resp__ (310) : #PDCC (310)  •  @__extent__ (317) : 1 letter (266), 3 letters (4), 1 page (6), 1 word (15), 1 span (2), 2 letters (24)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|èâàòëí|232 226 224 242 235 237|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•…|8226 8230|
|Geometric Shapes|▪◊|9642 9674|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2012-10 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|9||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__am__|11||
|2.|__back__|1||
|3.|__bibl__|97||
|4.|__body__|1||
|5.|__closer__|2||
|6.|__date__|1||
|7.|__dateline__|1||
|8.|__desc__|402||
|9.|__div__|64| @__type__ (64) : title_page (1), dedication (1), to_the_reader (1), text (1), chapter (3), exposition_of_verse (56), errata (1)  •  @__n__ (59) : 1 (3), 2 (3), 3 (2), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (2), 7 (1), 8 (2), 9, 10 (1), 11 (2), 12 (2), 13 (1), 14, 15 (2), 16, 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (2), 20 (2), 21, 22 (1), 23 (2), 24 (2), 25 (2), 26, 27 (1), 28 (1), 29, 30 (2), 31 (2), 3-5 (1), 7-10 (1), 8-10 (1), 13-15 (1), 16 (1), 17-24 (1), 26 (1), 27-29 (1), 1, 2 (1), 3, 4 (1), 5, 6 (1), 7, 8 (1), 9-18 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 25, 26 (1), 27, 28 (1)|
|10.|__epigraph__|56||
|11.|__ex__|11||
|12.|__expan__|11||
|13.|__front__|1||
|14.|__g__|3036| @__ref__ (3036) : char:EOLhyphen (2956), char:cmbAbbrStroke (7), char:punc (46), char:EOLunhyphen (8), char:V (8), char:abque (11)|
|15.|__gap__|402| @__reason__ (402) : illegible (310), duplicate (6), foreign (85), illegible: missing (1)  •  @__resp__ (310) : #PDCC (310)  •  @__extent__ (317) : 1 letter (266), 3 letters (4), 1 page (6), 1 word (15), 1 span (2), 2 letters (24)|
|16.|__head__|8||
|17.|__hi__|2808| @__rend__ (11) : sup (11)|
|18.|__item__|8||
|19.|__label__|371| @__type__ (371) : milestone (371)|
|20.|__list__|3||
|21.|__milestone__|4| @__type__ (4) : tcpmilestone (4)  •  @__unit__ (4) : unspecified (4)  •  @__n__ (4) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1)|
|22.|__note__|798| @__n__ (683) : a (39), b (38), c (35), d (33), e (32), f (28), g (30), h (29), i (24), k (27), l (28), m (26), n (28), o (27), p (27), q (28), r (28), s (26), t (26), u (22), x (22), y (24), z (26), * (12), w (1), vv (15), v (2)  •  @__place__ (798) : margin (798)|
|23.|__p__|1424||
|24.|__pb__|404| @__facs__ (404) : tcp:17336:1 (2), tcp:17336:2 (2), tcp:17336:3 (2), tcp:17336:4 (2), tcp:17336:5 (2), tcp:17336:6 (2), tcp:17336:7 (2), tcp:17336:8 (2), tcp:17336:9 (2), tcp:17336:10 (2), tcp:17336:11 (2), tcp:17336:12 (2), tcp:17336:13 (2), tcp:17336:14 (2), tcp:17336:15 (2), tcp:17336:16 (2), tcp:17336:17 (2), tcp:17336:18 (2), tcp:17336:19 (2), tcp:17336:20 (2), tcp:17336:21 (2), tcp:17336:22 (2), tcp:17336:23 (2), tcp:17336:24 (2), tcp:17336:25 (2), tcp:17336:26 (2), tcp:17336:27 (2), tcp:17336:28 (2), tcp:17336:29 (2), tcp:17336:30 (2), tcp:17336:31 (2), tcp:17336:32 (2), tcp:17336:33 (2), tcp:17336:34 (2), tcp:17336:35 (2), tcp:17336:36 (2), tcp:17336:37 (2), tcp:17336:38 (2), tcp:17336:39 (2), tcp:17336:40 (2), tcp:17336:41 (2), tcp:17336:42 (2), tcp:17336:43 (2), tcp:17336:44 (2), tcp:17336:45 (2), tcp:17336:46 (2), tcp:17336:47 (2), tcp:17336:48 (2), tcp:17336:49 (2), tcp:17336:50 (2), tcp:17336:51 (2), tcp:17336:52 (2), tcp:17336:53 (2), tcp:17336:54 (2), tcp:17336:55 (2), tcp:17336:56 (2), tcp:17336:57 (2), tcp:17336:58 (2), tcp:17336:59 (2), tcp:17336:60 (2), tcp:17336:61 (2), tcp:17336:62 (2), tcp:17336:63 (2), tcp:17336:64 (2), tcp:17336:65 (2), tcp:17336:66 (2), tcp:17336:67 (2), tcp:17336:68 (2), tcp:17336:69 (2), tcp:17336:70 (2), tcp:17336:71 (2), tcp:17336:72 (2), tcp:17336:73 (2), tcp:17336:74 (2), tcp:17336:75 (2), tcp:17336:76 (2), tcp:17336:77 (2), tcp:17336:78 (2), tcp:17336:79 (2), tcp:17336:80 (2), tcp:17336:81 (2), tcp:17336:82 (2), tcp:17336:83 (2), tcp:17336:84 (2), tcp:17336:85 (2), tcp:17336:86 (2), tcp:17336:87 (2), tcp:17336:88 (2), tcp:17336:89 (2), tcp:17336:90 (2), tcp:17336:91 (2), tcp:17336:92 (2), tcp:17336:93 (2), tcp:17336:94 (2), tcp:17336:95 (2), tcp:17336:96 (2), tcp:17336:97 (2), tcp:17336:98 (2), tcp:17336:99 (2), tcp:17336:100 (2), tcp:17336:101 (2), tcp:17336:102 (2), tcp:17336:103 (2), tcp:17336:104 (2), tcp:17336:105 (2), tcp:17336:106 (2), tcp:17336:107 (2), tcp:17336:108 (2), tcp:17336:109 (2), tcp:17336:110 (2), tcp:17336:111 (2), tcp:17336:112 (2), tcp:17336:113 (2), tcp:17336:114 (2), tcp:17336:115 (2), tcp:17336:116 (2), tcp:17336:117 (2), tcp:17336:118 (2), tcp:17336:119 (2), tcp:17336:120 (2), tcp:17336:121 (2), tcp:17336:122 (2), tcp:17336:123 (2), tcp:17336:124 (2), tcp:17336:125 (2), tcp:17336:126 (2), tcp:17336:127 (2), tcp:17336:128 (2), tcp:17336:129 (2), tcp:17336:130 (2), tcp:17336:131 (2), tcp:17336:132 (2), tcp:17336:133 (2), tcp:17336:134 (2), tcp:17336:135 (2), tcp:17336:136 (2), tcp:17336:137 (2), tcp:17336:138 (2), tcp:17336:139 (2), tcp:17336:140 (2), tcp:17336:141 (2), tcp:17336:142 (2), tcp:17336:143 (2), tcp:17336:144 (2), tcp:17336:145 (2), tcp:17336:146 (2), tcp:17336:147 (2), tcp:17336:148 (2), tcp:17336:149 (2), tcp:17336:150 (2), tcp:17336:151 (2), tcp:17336:152 (2), tcp:17336:153 (2), tcp:17336:154 (2), tcp:17336:155 (2), tcp:17336:156 (2), tcp:17336:157 (2), tcp:17336:158 (2), tcp:17336:159 (2), tcp:17336:160 (2), tcp:17336:161 (2), tcp:17336:162 (2), tcp:17336:163 (2), tcp:17336:164 (2), tcp:17336:165 (2), tcp:17336:166 (2), tcp:17336:167 (2), tcp:17336:168 (2), tcp:17336:169 (2), tcp:17336:170 (2), tcp:17336:171 (2), tcp:17336:172 (2), tcp:17336:173 (2), tcp:17336:174 (2), tcp:17336:175 (2), tcp:17336:176 (2), tcp:17336:177 (2), tcp:17336:178 (2), tcp:17336:179 (2), tcp:17336:180 (2), tcp:17336:181 (2), tcp:17336:182 (2), tcp:17336:183 (2), tcp:17336:184 (2), tcp:17336:185 (2), tcp:17336:186 (2), tcp:17336:187 (2), tcp:17336:188 (2), tcp:17336:189 (2), tcp:17336:190 (2), tcp:17336:191 (2), tcp:17336:192 (2), tcp:17336:193 (2), tcp:17336:194 (2), tcp:17336:195 (2), tcp:17336:196 (2), tcp:17336:197 (2), tcp:17336:198 (2), tcp:17336:199 (2), tcp:17336:200 (2), tcp:17336:201 (2), tcp:17336:202 (2)  •  @__n__ (393) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (2), 13 (2), 14 (2), 15 (2), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (2), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (1), 143 (1), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 150 (1), 151 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 155 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 163 (1), 164 (1), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 170 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 175 (1), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (2), 191 (2), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 196 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 210 (1), 211 (1), 212 (1), 213 (1), 214 (1), 215 (1), 216 (1), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 220 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (1), 225 (1), 226 (1), 227 (1), 228 (1), 229 (1), 230 (1), 231 (1), 232 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 237 (1), 238 (1), 239 (1), 240 (1), 241 (1), 242 (1), 243 (1), 244 (1), 245 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 248 (1), 249 (1), 250 (1), 251 (1), 252 (1), 253 (1), 254 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 257 (1), 258 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 262 (1), 263 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 266 (1), 267 (1), 268 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (1), 273 (1), 274 (1), 275 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 282 (1), 283 (2), 284 (2), 285 (1), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (1), 289 (1), 290 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 293 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 296 (1), 297 (1), 298 (1), 299 (1), 300 (1), 301 (1), 302 (1), 303 (1), 304 (1), 305 (1), 306 (1), 307 (1), 308 (1), 309 (1), 310 (1), 311 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1), 316 (1), 317 (1), 318 (1), 319 (1), 320 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 344 (2), 325 (1), 328 (2), 329 (2), 332 (1), 333 (1), 334 (1), 335 (1), 336 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 339 (1), 340 (1), 341 (1), 342 (1), 343 (1), 345 (1), 346 (1), 347 (1), 348 (1), 349 (1), 350 (1), 351 (1), 352 (1), 353 (1), 354 (1), 355 (1), 356 (1), 357 (1), 358 (1), 359 (1), 360 (1), 361 (1), 362 (1), 363 (1), 364 (1), 365 (1), 366 (1), 367 (1), 368 (1), 369 (1), 370 (1), 371 (1), 372 (1), 373 (1), 374 (1), 375 (1), 376 (1), 377 (1), 378 (1), 379 (1), 380 (1), 381 (1), 382 (1), 383 (1), 384 (1), 385 (1), 386 (1), 387 (1), 388 (1)  •  @__rendition__ (109) : simple:additions (109)|
|25.|__q__|56||
|26.|__seg__|430| @__rend__ (59) : decorInit (59)  •  @__type__ (371) : milestoneunit (371)|
|27.|__signed__|2||
|28.|__trailer__|1||
